Hi.
Welcome.
In this lecture, you will fully understand what the special side does.
Okay.
Now it's in the special side.
It has a property known as subtitle.
And for the subtitle we are going to be using a row widgets.
And the reason for this row is because we are going to have to test widgets.
One is going to say simple and the other is going to be for the delivery status.
And this two tests are going to be displayed horizontally row, then children, and then the first test
is going to say, see more and you can just add this and we can start this.
Sigh.
It tests time.
Okay.
We can change the color.
Cause the sign.
Sign.
We can also make this bold.
Font width.
Found with the boat.
Okay.
I think we need this.
Other comer, Heidi Comer is concerned to save.
And I think.
Know what?
I think you already know how is going to display.
So you can just go ahead and have another test.
This is going to be for the delivery status so you can just say order.
And I think we call this the Lee very status.
And also we can start this.
Just sigh.
We can change the color colors, the sign.
We can also see phones with.
With.
Funds split.
The Board and the why we need the newcomer and agitating to come away.
Okay.
Great.
And now it's in the row.
We can then say Manus Solomon's Manus lament the space between.
Okay, you already know what that is going to do.